remote oauth (#9127)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_mcp-remote-server-url.md

Use your **Access URL** from **Account settings** in <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. Build the remote MCP endpoint as:

`https://YOUR_DBT_HOST_URL/api/ai/v1/mcp`

Replace `YOUR_DBT_HOST_URL` with your hostname only (no `https://`). For example, if your Access URL is `abc123.us1.dbt.com`, prepend `https://` and append `/api/ai/v1/mcp` to build the full MCP URL.

> For default hosts, multi-cell accounts, and regions, see [Access, Regions, & IP addresses](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/access-regions-ip-addresses).

Author: ```suggestion
For default hosts, multi-cell accounts, and regions, see [Access, Regions, & IP addresses](/docs/platform/about-platform/access-regions-ip-addresses).
```

You can copy your full **MCP URL** from **Account settings** → **Access URLs** → **MCP Endpoint URL** in <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>, and paste it directly into your AI tool.

<Expandable alt_header="Build your own MCP URL">

> We recommend using the MCP URL from **Account settings** → **Access URLs** → **MCP Endpoint URL** in <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. However, if you want to build it yourself, use your **Access URL** from **Account settings** in <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. The remote MCP endpoint is`https://YOUR_DBT_HOST_URL/api/ai/v1/mcp`. Replace `YOUR_DBT_HOST_URL` with your hostname only (no `https://`). For example, if your Access URL is `abc123.us1.dbt.com`, prepend `https://` and append `/api/ai/v1/mcp` to build the full MCP URL.

Reviewer: I would remove this example. It's clearer without it.
```suggestion
We recommend using the MCP URL from **Account settings** → **Access URLs** → **MCP Endpoint URL** in <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. However, if you want to build your own MCP URL, use your **Access URL** from **Account settings** in <Constant name="dbt_platform"/>. The remote MCP endpoint is `https://YOUR_DBT_HOST_URL/api/ai/v1/mcp`. Replace `YOUR_DBT_HOST_URL` with your hostname only (no `https://`). 
```
